feat: add error handling for multiStores (#7)
sarahdayan/browserstore.js: README.md

const myStore = createStore(myStorage)
```

> ##Handling errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Handling errors
```

> ### Errors in multi-stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Errors in multi-stores

```

> Multi-stores have built-in error handling methods too. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like stores, multi-stores have built-in error handling methods as well. 
```

You can customize the behavior by passing an object as the second parameter when creating your multi-store.

```js
import localStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/localStorage'
import sessionStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/sessionStorage'
import { createStore, multiStore } from 'browserstore.js'

const stores = multiStore([
  createStore(localStorageAdapter),
  createStore(sessionStorageAdapter)
], {
  onGetError(err, key) {
    return err.nextStore.get(key)
  },
  onSetError(err, key) {
    err.currentStore.clear()
    return err.nextStore.set(key)
  },
  onClearError(err) {
    // Do nothing and ignore the error
  },
  onRemoveError(err, key) {
    // Do nothing and ignore the error
  },
})

> ```

Reviewer: This takes into account the suggested change to the API.

```suggestion
```js
import localStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/localStorage'
import sessionStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/sessionStorage'
import { createStore, multiStore } from 'browserstore.js'
const stores = multiStore(
  [createStore(localStorageAdapter), createStore(sessionStorageAdapter)],
  {
    onGetError(err, key, currentStore, nextStore) {
      return nextStore.get(key)
    },
    onSetError(err, key, currentStore, nextStore) {
      currentStore.clear()
      return currentStore.set(key)
    },
    onClearError(err) {
      console.error(err)
    },
    onRemoveError(err, key) {
      console.error(err, key)
    }
  }
)
```
```

> BrowserStore will append two properties to the error thrown by a store before it's passed to your callback: the `currentStore` (the store that throws the error), and `nextStore` (the next store in the execution chain).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each error handling callback exposes the `currentStore` (the store that threw the error) and `nextStore` (the next store in the execution chain).
```
